PAY-6243: Update Apple Pay and CC container prop docs (#518)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/containers/apple-pay.mdx

| `location` | string | Yes | Location where the Apple Pay button is to be rendered. Must be either `CHECKOUT` or `PRODUCT_DETAIL`. |
| `getCartId` | function | Maybe | Required if `createCart` not provided. Should return a promise that resolves to the shopper's cart ID. |
| `createCart` | object | Maybe | Required if `getCartId` not provided. The object should define a single `getCartItems` property, which should be a function that returns a list of cart items to purchase. The list must contain at least one cart item. Cart items must be provided as objects with, at minimum, an `sku` (string) and a `quantity` (number). See "Cart item object" section for more information. |

> | `onSuccess` | function | No | Called when the payment flow finishes successfully. The function receives a single argument containing a cartId property. If the function returns a promise, the promise will be awaited before marking the payment as "completed successfully" in the Apple Pay sheet. If the promise rejects, the payment will be marked as "failed" in the Apple Pay sheet and the error will be propagated to the `onError` callback, if provided. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `onSuccess` | function | No | Called when the payment flow finishes successfully. The function receives a `{ cartId: string }` object as an argument. If the function returns a promise, the promise will be awaited before marking the payment as "completed successfully" in the Apple Pay sheet. If the promise rejects, the payment will be marked as "failed" in the Apple Pay sheet and the error will be propagated to the `onError` callback, if provided. |
```
